DOC-2325: Add new `sandbox_iframes_exclusions` option to `content-filtering.adoc` to support `sandbox_iframes`. (#3155)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/sandbox_iframes.adoc

[[sandbox-iframes]]
== `sandbox_iframes`

> This option controls whether the editor will add a `sandbox=""` attribute to all `<iframe>` elements. This will restrict the iframe’s embedded resource from performing potentially malicious actions including scripting, file downloads, browser popups, passing the same-origin policy, among others. Reference: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#sandbox[MDN].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to control whether `<iframe>` elements are [sandboxed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#sandbox) when inserted into the editor. When enabled, all `<iframe>` elements will be given the `sandbox=""` attribute, applying all restrictions.
```
We don't want to describe how to perform an attack. Sorry I missed this during the initial review.
